# Machine-Learning  
An extention of the Stock Monitor project, meant to predict whether or not the next scraped stock value will be higher, lower, or the same.  
Python Version - 3.6
___  

## **Non Standard Module Dependencies:**  
 \- lxml                    
 \- requests  
 \- twilio  
 \- bokeh  
 \- arrow  
 
 \- Node.JS



## **File Descriptions**  
**\_\_main\_\_.py - TODOC**  
 \- Gets the stock values and writes them to a CSV file. Data files are in the Data Files subrdirectory of this repo.  
 
**patterns.py**  
 \- Uses data files generated by __main__.py and draws cuantifiable data from them for use in the agorithm.  
 
**Machine-Learning+Guess+Algorithm.ipynb**  
 \- A jupyter notebook documenting iterations of the guessing algorithm including changes, accuracy, and other stuff.  
 
**graphing.py**  
 \- Graphs accuracy by script run, meant to measure accuracy over time. (Seeing if accuracy increases with the number of avaliable lines).  
 \- NOTE - This script is Node.JS dependent.  

**PRDF.py**  
 \- Generates Processed Data Files from Raw Data Files


## **Acronyms**
RDF - Raw Data File, output of \_\_main\_\_.py  
PRDF - Processed Data File, output of guessby_row.py  
uod - Up or Down, refers to a value and whether or not the next value is up, down, or same.  



## **Data File Structure**
\- RDF  
Entry Number - Value - Generic Timestamp - Custom Timestamp - uod state - Streak Length
    
\- PRDF
Number of rows used - Accuracy - Numbers of uods - Largest Streaks - Current Streaks - For Every uod - Value of the Stock - Timestamp - Loop time delta - Probability List - Guess List
